#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format xhtml
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
To quickly install the HadesFIX engine and run the sample configurations
 follow the following simple steps:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Unzip 
\series bold
HadesFIX_RELEASE_NO.zip
\series default
 file in directory of your choice on the disk.
 We will refer to this directory as 
\emph on
HADESFIX_INSTALL_DIR
\emph default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Create a Hades instance directory on disk where the instance scripts and
 configuration files will reside.
 We will refer to this directory as 
\emph on
HADESFIX_INSTANCE_DIR.

\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Copy the content of the 
\series bold
bin/
\series default
 and 
\series bold
config/
\series default
 directories from the 
\emph on
HADESFIX_INSTALL_DIR 
\emph default
into the 
\emph on
HADESFIX_INSTANCE_DIR
\emph default
 directory.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Edit 
\series bold
env.cmd/env.sh
\series default
 file and change the values of the following settings:
\emph on
 JAVA_HOME
\emph default
 - to the location of you java installation 
\emph on
HADES_HOME
\emph default
 - to the location of your HadesFIX installation 
\emph on
JAVA_OPTS
\emph default
 - set the values you need for your JVM
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Open 2 command/shell windows - start the test FIX sell side: 
\series bold
startServer.cmd/startServer.sh
\series default
 in the first window - start the test FIX buy side: 
\series bold
startClient.cmd/startClient.sh
\series default
 in the second window Both the sell and buy side application instances will
 send random FIX messages to each other at fix intervals of time.
 The consumer handler configured on both sides will only dump the message
 to the console window.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Use the command/shell scripts and the configuration files 
\series bold
(SampleServer.hades.xml
\series default
 and 
\series bold
SampleClient.hades.xml
\series default
) as a starting point for configuring your instance.
 You can find the configuration file schema in the 
\series bold
HadesEngineConfig.xsd
\series default
 file.
 Most likely you will need to write your handlers in order to do something
 meaningful with the FIX messages.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
HadesFIX instances can be managed using the "HadesConsole" GUI tool.
 Just type: hadesconsole in a command window started in <i>HADESFIX_INSTANCE_DIR.
</i> folder.
 The default configuration has 2 connections auto started to the sell and
 buy side HadesFIX instances.
 See the HadesFIX administration console tool documentation for details
 to use this utility.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
